# Ducks DnD
## House Rules:
#### Hero Tokens
At the start of each session (excluding the first) the DM will ask each player what happened is the previous session. Upon a suitable recap each player will get a Hero Token (yes they are ducks). You can then use them to succeed on rolls you have failed or cause the enemy to fail on rolls they have succeeded and much more.
#### Critical Crits
Base rule crits are lame. Instead when you crit you take the full die value then roll as normal adding the result together.
**Example:** Darius a fighter uses his shortsword that does 1d6+1 damage. Upon attacking the goblin in his stinky little face he rolls a natural 20. So he rolls 1d6+1 and gets 4, then adds 6(the die value) for a total of 10 damage.
#### Potions
Potions can be used on a bonus action or the an action. 
**Bonus Action:** If you use a bonus action to use a spell you do as the rules say and let the dice decide your fate.
**Action:** If you use a action to use a potion you take the max value of possible dice rolls.
- Critical Crits
- Potions BA Dice A Full Value


# Characters
- [[Murdock]]/[[Murdock]] - Wizard
- [[Lucian Relnor]] - Warlock
- (Unnamed) - Fighter

# Story
## Stories Converge
Death always brings people together. Whether we like it or not death creates a closer connection. Muhammadziyo Suarez was always a kind hearted Kithkin welcoming everyone into his home. So it was no surprise to anyone that on his passing there was no short of 2,000 people To Attend His Funeral In [[Sanbu]]. Today would not be a sad day to mourn but a day to celebrate in the only way Suarez knew how, until you dropped. Although some attendees are a bit weary of such a large cluster of people in one area. Almost as if something is bound to happen.
## A Halflings Memory

## Settlements 
### Cities
1. [[Cleport]]
2. [[Drerora]]
3. [[Kluimta]]
4. [[Fin]]
5. [[Illebridge]]
6. [[Ariorith]]
7. [[Ofleaphia]]
8. [[Qowell]]
9. [[Aldercrest]]
### Towns
1. [[Yugow]]
2. [[Sleley]]
3. [[Klont]]
4. [[Strares]]
5. [[Arktol]]
6. [[Trocstead]]
7. [[Paka]]
8. [[Athemond]]
9. [[Oreding]]
10. [[Anegate]]
### Villages
1. [[Onata]]
2. [[Puport]]
3. [[Pario]]
4. [[Nico]]
5. [[Arkdon]]
6. [[Sanbu]]
7. [[Urgron]]
8. [[Yatron]]
9. [[Fleypolis]]
10. [[Yhirie]]
11. [[Drixgas]]
12. [[Pluford]]
13. [[Pery]]
14. [[Dairmont]]
15. [[Strolburg]]
16. [[Klolk]]
17. [[Olismond]]