# During Session
[[Garak]] went searching for [[Murdock]] at the [[Grim Immortals Outpost]] and found him leaving as he went in pushing [[Maryam Szabó]] down the stairs. they both saw the sand lady and avoided it for as long as possibel before finding [[Lucian Relnor]] at the library where they then decided to jump town to [[Sanbu]]. along the way they saw a sand person and we able to fight it off.
when they made it to [[Sanbu]] there was a funeral for [[Muhammadziyo Suarez]].  during the will reading another more powerful sand attack began where at the center was a sand figure.
# Ducks DnD
## House Rules:
#### Hero Tokens
At the start of each session (excluding the first) the DM will ask each player what happened is the previous session. Upon a suitable recap each player will get a Hero Token (yes they are ducks). You can then use them to succeed on rolls you have failed or cause the enemy to fail on rolls they have succeeded and much more.
#### Critical Crits
Base rule crits are lame. Instead when you crit you take the full die value then roll as normal adding the result together.
**Example:** Darius a fighter uses his shortsword that does 1d6+1 damage. Upon attacking the goblin in his stinky little face he rolls a natural 20. So he rolls 1d6+1 and gets 4, then adds 6(the die value) for a total of 10 damage.
#### Potions
Potions can be used on a bonus action or the an action. 
**Bonus Action:** If you use a bonus action to use a spell you do as the rules say and let the dice decide your fate.
**Action:** If you use a action to use a potion you take the max value of possible dice rolls.
- Critical Crits
- Potions BA Dice A Full Value


# Characters
- [[Mordock]]/[[Murdock]] - Wizard
- [[Lucian Relnor]] - Warlock
- [[Garak]] - Fighter

# Story
## Stories Converge
Death always brings people together. Whether we like it or not death creates a closer connection. Muhammadziyo Suarez was always a kind hearted Kithkin welcoming everyone into his home. So it was no surprise to anyone that on his passing there was no short of 2,000 people To Attend His Funeral In [[Sanbu]]. Today would not be a sad day to mourn but a day to celebrate in the only way Suarez knew how, until you dropped. Although some attendees are a bit weary of such a large cluster of people in one area. Almost as if something is bound to happen.
## Drows First Light
There are always friendships to be had especially when [[Muhammadziyo Suarez]] is around. One such friend of [[Muhammadziyo Suarez]] was [[Lucian Relnor]] a drow who came up from the underdark. [[Muhammadziyo Suarez]] welcomed him with open arms and helped get his adventure started. Unfortunately the light deprived drow has found himself in the desert.  Where a man found him and helped bring him to [[Fin]]. 
## A Fall From Greatness
[[Mordock]]/[[Murdock]] was convicted guilty and brought to the prison for spellcasters where he met Hammy the Hamster. Where together they helped eachother escape prison.
## A Fighters Endurance
[[Garak]] a fighter whos life just never seemed to work out quite right. 
## Demented Minds
A Eldritch Deity Is Taking Over Innocent Peoples Minds
# Random Generators
`dice: [[Random NPC Generator#^NPC]]`

# Settlements 
### Cities
1. [[Cleport]]
2. [[Drerora]]
3. [[Kluimta]]
4. [[Fin]]
5. [[Illebridge]]
6. [[Ariorith]]
7. [[Ofleaphia]]
8. [[Qowell]]
9. [[Aldercrest]]
### Towns
1. [[Yugow]]
2. [[Sleley]]
3. [[Klont]]
4. [[Strares]]
5. [[Arktol]]
6. [[Trocstead]]
7. [[Paka]]
8. [[Athemond]]
9. [[Oreding]]
10. [[Anegate]]
### Villages
1. [[Onata]]
2. [[Puport]]
3. [[Pario]]
4. [[Nico]]
5. [[Arkdon]]
6. [[Sanbu]]
7. [[Urgron]]
8. [[Yatron]]
9. [[Fleypolis]]
10. [[Yhirie]]
11. [[Drixgas]]
12. [[Pluford]]
13. [[Pery]]
14. [[Dairmont]]
15. [[Strolburg]]
16. [[Klolk]]
17. [[Olismond]]